# E10 (2024/08/04): Good Bye Bones
- Vampire Spawn chase us to get the bones. Thaumaturgy to distract, etc, but all in vain. They catch up and take the bones
- We reach the town square Find many moral dilemas. Send Boomer and Evelyne to church to warn them, Risodo and Deathcheater solve the dilemas.
  - A house was burning down by buring cart (Deathcheater) and villagers stuck in stocks (Risodo attacks locks)
  - Rictavio needs help repairing his cart (Deathcheater w/ Action Surge) and Inn attacked by Vampire Spawn (Risodo and Deathcheater)
  - Izek cornered some Vampire spawn, needed help to kill (Deathcheater) and Vampire Spawn cornered children (Risodo w/  Thunderwave)
- Volenta receives bones from Vampire Spawn.
- A voice in Evelyne's mind says "Let me in" to help get the bones
- Evelyne says yes, points at Volenta, and her shadow grabs the bones. Gives to Father Lucian
- Strahd appears. Successfully charms Boomer and Boomer takes bones from the Father Lucian
- Evelyne fails to hit Boomer three times or break the charm
- Risodo and Deathcheater arrive to see Strahd destroy the bones
- Abbey of St Markovia in the city of *Krezk* is another remaining consecrated land to keep Irena safe. 
- Coffinmaker dead
- Long Rest in Bluewater Inn
- Risodo paid 1GP to toy maker to finish payment for the Irena Doll
## New Rules
- 5 SP = 1 Food Ration
- Short Rest = 1 Ration 
- Long Rest = 4 Rations
## Next Session: 
- Baron and Izek invited us over for tea any time. We plan to go in the afternoon:
  - Ask for wagon to St Markovia
  - Report about Volenta
- Deliver Vistani doll and retrieve tools on the way to take Irena to Krezk
- Fiona Wakter is the rich lady, mother of the slav squatters.
- 8 walk travel hours from Valaki to Krezk
- 8 walk travel hours from Krezk to Wizards of the Wine
- 8 walk travel hours back to Valaki