# E11 (2024/08/18):
- Speak to wolf hunters (Szoldar and Yevgeni) about the missing children.
- Yevgeni suspects there were wolves, but not normal wolves. Too large. And too many digits for Direwolf. Werewolf! Immune to non-magical non-silver melee
- Boomer stays with the Blacksmith to help silver the guard’s munitions, in exchange one more weapon gets silvered.
- Buy 2 rations for 5 silver each and a free bread
- Tea Time
- Lady Lydia brings tea. Evelyne recognizes aroma of the teas except one, which was mega bitter.
- Barron gets detected thoughts. He gives “No War in Ba Sing Se”. Strahd never entered for 2 centuries.
- We ask him for permission to use silver. We tell him of the guards grifting silver off people coming in. He promises to tell them to stop (Det Thot: “I need to get them on my good side”)
- Evelyne convinces the Baron Strahd’s visit was not our fault
- In exchange for a favor, we will get silver armaments
- **The favor**: He believes Fiona Walter (mom of the Slavs) is in league with Strahd to usurp him. Two of his servants went missing, probably her!
- We have freedom to investigate the Barron’s place, but not in his son Viktor’s room. He had a bad experience with Stella Wakter.
- DC and Evelyne go to deliver the doll to Arabelle in the Vistani camp and to get horses. 
- Luvash whipped a teen bc he didn’t protect his daughter Arabelle.
- Arabelle liked to sneak into town and play with the orphans but did not come back after the attack.
- Risodo picks up his Irena doll. 
- Boomer’s Blacksmith internship (now a silvered greatsword).
- Rictavio does a puppet show for the orphans every day. 
- Get a desc of the kidnapper. Straw hat.
- The innkeeper tells us the fisherman, Bluto, fits the desc. 
- His wife says he goes to Lake Zarovitch.

## Next Session:
- Arabelle arc
- With horses from Arabelle arc, go to Kresk for the Kresk arc