---
date:
---

> [!summary] Summary
> .


> [!example] Valacki - Day ??

We open the ancient tome but it takes time to attune to. 

Staunch ally of the devil

"What was that skeleton?"
When I was just a girl, my parents warned me of a "monster" in the basement. They forbade her from entering the cellar. It was locked for most her life. When she was 16, she got into a dispute with her mother she broke what she thought was a family heirloom, a ruby amulet her mother said was gifted to the family by strahd himself. Turns out, the amulet was what kept the thing bound to a long dead body in the basement. The spirit free to roam terrorized the family as she ran to the swamp. She looked for someone to grant her more power. She met Baba Lasaga and learned how to create a barrier from her. The spirit killed all who was left in the home.

She cast the barrier and waited if the killer would ever return. Turns out it was simply lying in wait. The brief loss of her daughter was the opportunity it was waiting for.

What was truly in that cellar? She found a shriveled husk of what used to be [[Leo Dilisnya]]. 

Unsolved question, how [[Leo Dilisnya]] was bound to the  

How did you get the imp? Baba Lasaga showed her how to commune with forces beyond this world and leverage that connection for small favors. 

What does she know about Izek or the Baron. 
If we kill Izek, [[Lady Fiona Wachter]] can try to convince [[Baron Vargas Vallakovich]] to step down. Viktor, yes my father is not a particularly good man or leader. 
Viktor goes to the kitchen, and Deathcheater goes with him. 

Is there a loyalty between Izek and the Baron.
Izek was orphaned at the age of 10. His sister died in a wolf attack and his parents went soon after. Nothing was proved that Izek made people go missing. He was arrested. To everyone's surprised, the previous baron adopted Izek and he served the family faithfully for the next 5 years. At 16, he curiously obtained a new arm to replace the one he lost, the one that's very devilish. The arm makes him a particularly dangerous weapon and gave him some magical ability. [[Baron Vargas Vallakovich]] made him a high ranking member of the guard. He commits plenty of crimes. "He's more monster than Strahd."

Holy men like you are far and few in between. His connection to the morning lord is tenious at best. The [[Abbot]] in the [[Abbey of Saint Markovia]] is the nest closest thing to a cleric she can think of.

Tell us everything you know about Tatiana. [[Volenta]] was the only wife she knows.

Todo: have raven deliver the Heartstone back to the Hags

> 11:30 A.M. Izek, accompanied by the two guards, travels to the western Sunset Gate, the northern Zarovich Gate, and the eastern Morning Gate to receive the guards’ reports and inspect the town’s defenses.
> 1:00 P.M. The Baron’s cook delivers Izek a midday meal and a case of two bottles of wine in the Vallaki town square. Izek eats his lunch and begins drinking the first bottle of wine while the two guards patrol the surrounding area.
> 2:00 P.M. Izek and the two guards visit three or four of Izek’s “spies” scattered across the town to receive reports of recent malicious unhappiness.
> 4:00 P.M. Izek and the two guards travel to the Sunset, Zarovich Gate, and Morning Gate (beginning with whichever gate is closest) to receive the guards’ reports and inspect the town’s defenses.
> 5:30 P.M. Izek dismisses the two guards and travels alone to Lake Zarovich. He spends the remainder of the evening consuming the second bottle of wine and staring into space

Mist begins pouring from the book. A man in a red tunic looks at us through the fog. He moves with the grace of a king. I am the ancient. I am the land. The mist shows us images of a land and raven iconography but it's not Barovia or any other place we know of. 

[[Rahadin]] was Strahd's teacher and his father's advisor.

Snippet of conversation
How goes the training for my son?
I will need to push him harder. Far too young to lead. He will be a powerful ruler one day. 
I am trusting you to guide him on this path, [[Rahadin]]

The mists swirl again. This time we see the room we started in. Back in the inn

Yet that past is filled only with regret.

Illusory script once per dusk.

> [!info]- Plans for Next Time
> - Become peace cleric
> - Follow and murder Izek. We should figure out what he does at Lake Zarovich
> - coup
> - Kreshk
> - Werewolves.
