---
date: 2026-02-25
---


> [!summary] Summary
> .


> [!example] Location - Day 1 AF


> [!info]- Quest Line 1 - Abbey of St Markovia and Kreshk for Irena

> [!info]- Quest Line 2 - Investigate the Werewolf Den

> [!info]- Quest Line 3 - [[Zhenya Romanov]] vanished with papers [[Krezk]]

- [[Strahd von Zarovich]]'s chapter in the journal says he swept through Barovia "Like the wrath of a just god" 
- Order of a Silver Dragon
- During this battle, [[Strahd von Zarovich]] incurred an unpayable debt to the [[Vistani]]. The players are soldiers in the siege of the castle. 
- Commander [[Alek Gwilym]] is standing across from [[Strahd von Zarovich]] in his youth in a war tent.
- City of [[Zmei]]
- We go with [[Alek Gwilym]]. A farming village is up in flame. [[Strahd von Zarovich]] sits on top of a flaming mare. 
- [[Strahd von Zarovich]] got attacked by a spear and fell off his horse. He was recued by [[Vistani]] and was nursed to health. 
- The [[Order of the Silver Dragon]] fights us. They roll large stones down onto the party
- We get hit by a boulder
- [[Alek Gwilym]] meets a [[Godfrey Gwilym]] in the [[Order of the Silver Dragon]] and the guy says "Brother". They clash. [[Godfrey Gwilym]] calls [[Alek Gwilym]] a traitor of the people.
- [[Argynvost]] is a silver dragon. 
- The person attuned to Unseen servant once per day
- Martichovs get rations
- Reminder we can use 4 rations for party long rest and 1 ration for short rest. 
- Everyone has 2 rations each before heading out
- We plan to go to 
## Random Encounter 1 - 
- Near [[Argynvostholt]], we notice that there are no birds in the sky, and small wolf tracks on the dirt path for humans. 
- We see the remains of a carriage in the middle of the road
- One corpse is wearing a full suit of plate armor, which is miraculously undamaged.

> [!important] Item: 22 g, 29 s, and 78 c

- Investigations reveal a lockbox. It is locked. There's a key in the coin purse. There is a ledger for [[Vasili von Holtz]].
- We send a messenger raven to let [[Vasili von Holtz]]
- [[Deathcheater]] puts on the magical suit of plate armor. Electricity.


> [!NOTE]- "Lightning Plate Armor"
> > Shocking Bolt. Ranged Spell Attack: +4 to hit (with advantage on the attack roll if the target is wearing armor made of metal), range 60 ft., one target. Hit: 10 (3d6) lightning damage.

## Random Encounter 2 - 
- We turn right at Raven River Crossroads. Left takes us to Wizards of Wines
- A few miles outside of [[Krezk]], we notice that the fog gets denser. Much denser. It pools at our feet and it rises, almost like it's threatening to drown us.
- [[Risodo]] sees Irena run straight ahead.
- [[Evelyne]] sees [[Boomer]] run to the right. 
- [[Deathcheater]] sees [[Ireena Kolyana]] stop. She reaches out and Ireena turns into something else, and hears a voice saying "You are strong, but are you strong enough to protect yourself."
- [[Boomer]] hears the sounds of a battlefield. "You have survived wars, but this is not a battlefield you can understand. Time is no longer on your side. Tell me, old soldier. How many winters do you truly have left."
- [[Evelyne]] sees a vision in the fog, an empty throne in a palace. A man appears in front of her, Strahd himself. "You are powerful, and refined, but you lack determination. Do you fear you will become like me? You will never be like me."
- [[Risodo]] sees on the ground his own corpse. He feels very real hands rest on his shoulders behind him. [[Strahd von Zarovich]] says "You prayed to your friends, to your god, but they did not answer. You live because I willed it. You shall die when I demand it."
- The fog dissipates fully and we hear the howls of a pack of wolves. Risodo fails a wisdom save and falls. 
- [[Evelyne]] summons an illusion of a wolf and Risodo gets so scared he pisses himself. [[Evelyne]] casts prestidigitation 

> [!info]- Plans for Next Time
> - 



