---
date: 2026-03-25
---


> [!summary] Summary
> .


> [!example] Location - Day 2 AF Morning

- Climb to the [[Abbey of Saint Markovia]].
- Sleeping guards sleepings at the entrance
- Chimeras. Told us they were being cured. 
- The abbot creates life they say. Cures people of their affliction. 
- Mongrel folk
- Mishka is hiding in a well, scratches [[Risodo]] for 3 dmg and bites [[Deathcheater]] for 3 dmg on the harm, hanging there.
- A door opens and picks up Mishka and lowered to a post and magic chains reach out to bind them to a post. 
- Traditional monk's garb, [[Abbot]], 
- [[Boomer]] named for getting blown up from their own munition
- Visilka is an adult woman in shoddy clothing greets us. She has signs of stitching along her skin. And powdered to look uniform. 
- Bc he believed in the Morning Lord [[Risodo]] suspect is an aspect of Lathander. 
- At 10 AM he gets up and tends to his congregation
- He gets turnip soup.
- Hopes we'll be better influences than the Vistani girl. 
- [[Evelyne du Westhaven]] talks about the East Hampton Waltz.
- We meet the Vistani girl, [[Ezmerelda d'Avenir]]
- She says we don't happen to have met a "van Richten" have we? [[Risodo]] name drops [[Erasmus van Richten]]. Vistana kidnapped a young boy, [[Erasmus van Richten]]. Delivered him to a vampire. The boy cried out for mercy. [[Rudolph van Richten]], his father. He questioned the Vistana girls parents and left to find [[Erasmus van Richten]]. He found [[Erasmus van Richten]], transformed into a Vampire Spawn, and mercy killed his son. 
- The Vistana continued to hunt vampires. 
- Recently, heard that [[Rudolph van Richten]] arrived in Barovia to continue hunting Vampires. Couldn't find sign of him aside from his belongings. Been pouring over some of his rec
- Seance


> [!info]- Plans for Next Time
> - 
